create a website for kashigo

KashiGo is a premium wwebapp for booking boat rides in Varanasi.
Similar concept like Ola/Uber but for boat rides.

Features:
- User can book a boat ride for a specific time and date.
- User can select the type of boat they want to book.
- User can select the number of people they want to book for.
- User can select the duration of the boat ride.
- User can select the location of pickup.
- User can select the payment method.
- User can track the boat ride in real-time.
- User can rate and review the boat ride.

LOGIC FLOW:

1 users select starting point/Ghat, there currently at
then select the time of ride ie (mornning, afternoon or evening, based on these 3 choices the packages and combos will be displayed later)

2 users select the type of boat, private or sharing

3 users select package available for sharing and private boats respectively
(private boats have flixible time but sharing boats have a fixed time of departure)

4 users will browse thru and select the package eg : for evening rides -- Dashashwameth Ghat aarti, Namo Ghat arti
all 3 classifications will have some common packages and some unique packages
common packages include : "all ghats"
unique packages eg:  NIGHT : Dashashwameth Ghat aarti, Namo Ghat arti
                    MORNING : sunrise boat ride +  bird feeding
                    EVENING : sunset boat ride +  bird feeding

5 user fills out own and passenger details : 
name (compulsary)
number of people (compulsary)
phone ( 1-2 passenger, 1 passenger compulsary)
email (optional)
pickup point, ghat (a dropdown of all ghat names)

6 User navigates to checkout page by clicking "next" button

7 Payments page (Razorpay integration)

8 update entry in supabase, Generate a ride number (pk) and display Ride booked animation and ride number.
also customer care number and company email

9 Email confirmation sent to the client 



TECH STACK AND IMPLEMENTAION DETAILS : 

NEXT APP

Db - SUPABASE INTEGRATION -- use placeholder in env

Payment - RAZORPAY integration -- use placeholder in env for now

EMAIL SMTP -- will update credentials in the env(use a placeholder for now)


DESIGN : 

MINIMALISTIC UI but interactive and premium
It should feel premium with animations and quality

section : Hero, about, browse, reviews/testimoonials, footer

Also a book now button in the hero itself
Hero section will have a video in the bakground and a opacity layer on top to control darkness.

scroll based animations(boat moving from left to right, direct linear propotionality to scroll position and boat movement from left to right ) when switching from one section to another
only add this when transitioning from hero to about

rest sections must be clean

use GEMINI to generate Interesting images and interesting text for ghats and packages

the design, images, Heading text font and colour scheme should be congruent with the given logo (KashiGo.png) in the directory

Make it responsive for both mobile and deskhtop devices, give more effort for mobile view

PLEASE MAKE IT LOOK MODERN AND PREMIUM and DIFFERENT.











